Let the new listeners use only ports 9092 and higher (#3738)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/deploying/proc-deploy-setup-external-clients.adoc

----
<1> Configuration options for enabling external listeners are described in the link:{BookURLUsing}#type-GenericKafkaListener-reference[Generic Kafka listener schema reference^].
<2> Name to identify the listener. Must be unique within the Kafka cluster.

> <3> Port number for the listener. Must be unique within the Kafka cluster. Allowed port numbers are 9092 and higher with the exception of ports 9404 and 9999 which are already used for Prometheus and JMX. Depending on the listener type, the port number might not be the same as the port number that connects Kafka clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Port number used by the listener. The port number has to be unique within a given Kafka cluster. Allowed port numbers are 9092 and higher with the exception of ports 9404 and 9999, which are already used for Prometheus and JMX. Depending on the listener type, the port number might not be the same as the port number that connects Kafka clients.
```
